Update documents for 6.9.0 release (#115)
draios/onprem-install-docs: 6.X/6.9.0/docs/01-command_line_arguments.md

<!-- Space: TOOLS -->
<!-- Parent: Installer -->
<!-- Title: Command Line Arguments -->
<!-- Layout: plain -->

> # Command line arguments explained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Command Line Arguments
```

<br/>

## Command: `deploy`

`--skip-namespace`

- installer does not deploy the `namespace.yaml` manifest.
  It expects the Namespace to exist and to match the value in `values.yaml`

>   There is no validation, in case of mismatch the installer will fail

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If there is a mismatch, the installer will fail as no validation is in place.
```

`--skip-pull-secret`

> - the services expect the pull secret to exist,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the services expect the pull secret to exist, to have the expected name (`sysdigcloud-pull-secret`) and to allow access to the registry.
```

  to have the expected name (`sysdigcloud-pull-secret`) and to allow access to the registry.
- if the pull secret is missing, the behaviour could be unpredictable:
  some Pods could start if they can find the image locally and if their `imagePullPolicy`
  is not `Always`
- Other Pods will fail because they can't pull the image

`--skip-serviceaccount`

> - The user must provide SAs with the exact same name expected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user must provide service accounts with the exact same name expected:
```

```text
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: node-labels-to-files
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-with-root
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-elasticsearch
sysdig-serviceaccount.yaml:  name: sysdig-cassandra
```

> - One implication of this is that unless the `node-to-labels` SA is added,

Reviewer: Please avoid using abbreviation, such as SA

Author: We are getting the information from installer repo:
- https://github.com/draios/installer/tree/master/docs
- https://github.com/draios/installer/tree/master/examples
- https://github.com/draios/installer/blob/master/README.md

It would be good for the next release, the documentation team to be involved in the early stages to fix the source.

@bennythejudge @pravin-jothinathan @figarocorso

>   rack awareness will not work neither in Cassandra nor in ES (to be verified)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rack awareness will not work neither in Cassandra nor in Elasticsearch (to be verified)
```

```

`--skip-storageclass`

- installer does not apply the StorageClass manifest.
  It expects the storageClassName specified in values.yaml to exist.

## Command: `import`

`--zookeeper-workloadname <string value>`

- This is the value that will be used for the `zookeeper` StatefulSet.
The default value is `zookeeper`, this argument must be used when the
actual name of the STS in the cluster differs

`--kafka-workloadname <value>`

- Same as above for `kafka`

`--cassandra-workloadname <value>`

- Same as above for `cassandra`

`--use-import-v2`

- This flag will use the new import logic, which will import the values from the cluster and then generate the manifests based on the imported values. Defaults to `false`, which means the old import logic will be used, unless the `--use-import-v2` flag is provided. Import V2 is supported starting from version 6.6.0, and is expected to become the default in the future.

## Command: `update-license`

> Added November 2022, this is a new command.

Reviewer: Is this required?

Author: @bennythejudge could you advise here?

** WARNING: THIS FEATURE requires `kubectl` to be at least version `1.20.0` **

This command performs the minimal changes and restarts to apply a new license.
Based on [this page](https://docs.sysdig.com/en/docs/administration/on-premises-deployments/upgrade-an-on-premises-license/)

This command performs the following:

- Gets a new license from either `--license` or from `--license-file name.ext`

- applies the license to `common-config` and to the relevant Secret of the following backend services:

  - `api`
  - `collector`
  - `worker`

- If `secure` and `anchore` are enabled, it also applies and restarts all Anchore services.

## Command: `image-list`

Added November 2022

This command prints to `stdout` (and optionally to a file) a list of all images in a generated stack.

It requires a `values.yaml` and it produces a list of images based on that `values.yaml`.

It does not require a live cluster, and it does not fetches any value from a live cluster, if one is accessible.

### Flags

> `-f <filename>` - write the list to a file. **If the file exists, it is overwritten**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`-f <filename>` - write the list to a file. If the file already exists, it is overwritten.
```

- This will ignore all errors from trying to parse kubeconfig file.

`--preserve-templates`

- Preserve directory installer templates are extracted to, this should only be used for debugging purposes

`--k8s-server-version`

- Sets the `kubernetesServerVersion` within values.

`--helm-install`

- The installer will extract the necessary files for an installation using the `helm` command only. By default it will create a directory `helm-install` in the directory where the installer is being executed. Content of the directory:

  - `values.hi.yaml`: the complete values generated by the `installer`
  - `values.hi.nats.yaml` and `values.hi.nats.global.yaml`: values for the rendering of NATSJS
  - `charts`: the Helm charts that make up the Sysdig onprem stack

`--helm-install-out-dir`

- To use a custom directory to output the files generated by `--helm-install` instead of the default.

### ArgoCD Generation

We have introduced a way to generate ArgoCD apps definitions so that the sysdig stack can be installed using ArgoCD.

At the moment we only take care of the generation of the files, the actual deploy of these files in ArgoCD is left to the user.

`--argocd (boolean)`

> Generates files needed to deploy the sysdig stack on an ArgoCD installation. If the ArgoCD output directory exists, it will be deleted and recreated. NOTE: that using this flag will automatically also run the generation of charts that you would obtain with the `--helm-install` cli flag, this is because the argoCD generation is strictly tied with the helm-charts being produced in a certain way.

Reviewer: rewrite it in a new paragraph: 
Using this flag will automatically generate the charts that you would obtain with the `--helm-install` CLI flag. This happens because the argoCD generation is closely linked to the specific production method of the helm-charts.

`--argo-repo-url (string)`

> URL of repo that will contain ArgoCD files and helm charts, expected in the form `git@github.com:ORGANIZATION/SAMPLE-REPO.git`. (default `git@github.com:ORGANIZATION/SAMPLE-REPO.git`). This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL of repository that will contain ArgoCD files and helm charts, expected in the form `git@github.com:ORGANIZATION/SAMPLE-REPO.git`. The default is `git@github.com:ORGANIZATION/SAMPLE-REPO.git`. This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files.
```

`--argo-repo-rev (string)`

> Name of the branch of the repo to use. (default "main"). This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of the branch of the repo to use. The default is `main`. This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files.
```

example of hierarchy:
```
git@github.com:ORGANIZATION/SAMPLE-REPO.git
    |
    '- argocd-projects/
    |        '- sysdig/
    |        |    '- argocd/
    |        |    |    '- sysdig-root/
    |        |    |    '- sysdig-common-config/
    |        |    |    '- sysdigcloud-infra/
    |        |    |         [...]
    |        |    '- helm-install/
    |        |    |    '- charts/
    |        |    |          '- chart-1/
    |        |    |          '- chart-2/
    |        |    |          [...]
```

`--argo-git-apps-dir (string)`

Relative path from the repo root that will contain the folder with ArgoCD apps definitions. (default "argocd"). This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files.

> If we look at the example above the correct value for this would be `argocd-projects/sysdig/argocd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you consider the example above, the correct value for this would be `argocd-projects/sysdig/argocd`.
```

`--argo-git-charts-dir (string)`

> relative path from the repo root that will contain the folder with charts. (default "helm-install/charts"). This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files. If we look at the example above the correct value for this would be `argocd-projects/sysdig/helm-install/charts`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relative path from the repo root that will contain the folder with charts. The default is `helm-install/charts`. This will be replaced within the ArgoCD apps definition files. If you consider the example above, the correct value for this would be `argocd-projects/sysdig/helm-install/charts`.
```
